Code Pen Link:   https://codepen.io/TuckerDev/full/VwawYaM

Questions

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        It is HTML with tags that convey meaning in their name. These tags are used to better convey structure in our code. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        It is used to markup content for websites. It is essentially the structure of any good website. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute is a modifier of an HTML element. We put attributes inline with their element before the first closing bracket '>'.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used for the main title of webpage. We should only use these once per page--just like you would only have on title for a book/movie/song.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        The anchor and the img tag/element both have required attributes. These are 'href' and 'src', respectively.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        The head of our HTML document will reference additional files such as CSS and JS along with any other additional information.
    7. What is an id? 
        An id is a unique attribute used to reference individual HTML elements. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        As far as I understand, you can add an id to any sort of html element. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Only once--it is intended to be a unique id for one, single element. 
    10. What is a class? 
         A class is an html attribute used to reference several elements of the same group/type.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
         As far as I understand, you can add a class to any html element. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
         As many times as you would like.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
         Use the target attribute with a property of "_blank" on the anchor tag.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
         The alt attribute is used to describe the image. This is for SEO and accessibilty reasons. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
         Using #. For example, #login-button
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
         A section is part of semantic HTML. You can use these to structure your website. However, divs are mostly used for styling reasons.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
         CSS is used to style the HTML elements of a webpage. 
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
            CSS:    
                h2 {

                }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
            An id is used to refer to one individual element, while a class is used to refer to several elements of the same 'type' or class.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
            We select classes using a '.'
            For example:
                .class-name {

                }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
            CSS:
                p.human {

                }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
            We have not covered these unless the question is asking about: div p {}, section div h1 {}
            If that is the case, these are useful for when you would like to select all the elements of type 'p' that are a child of a 'div' element.  
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
            div.sidebar a {

            }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
            A psuedo selector is used to select an element during a certain state. For example, a:hover can be used to select anchor tags while a user is hovering over them. 
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
            We use the line-height property in CSS to change the spacing between lines.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?   
            We use the letter-spacing property in CSS to change the spacing between letters.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
            We use the text-transform property in CSS to change the casing of all letters. We use the capitalize, lowercase, and uppercase values for this property. Lowercase is all lowercase. Uppercase, all uppercase. And, capitalize will capitalize the first letter of each word. 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
            div {
                border: 1px dotted black;
            }
        
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
            * {

            }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
            /* Comment goes here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
            pwd 
        
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
            ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
            'rm fileName.ext'. We must be careful with this because there is no prompt and it will instantly delete the specified file/folder.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
            Version control allows multiple people to work on one page at the same time. It also allows us to keep clean, organized copies of previous work/versions of our software.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
            After every minor-major change of your project
                AND 
            Every 20 minutes. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
            git push origin <branch-name>

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
            Fork the project
            Add TL as collaborator
            CD to where you keep your Lambda projects
            Clone the project using git
            Create our branch 'tucker-leach'
            Working on project... Committing small but complete changes.
            Add all new/modified files to staging
            Commit w/ a brief description
            Push changes up
            Create a pull request with our TL as a reviewer
            Copy the link to our pull request and submit in our retrospectives

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 